Add guides (#67)
NHSDigital/prevention-services-design-history: app/guide/what-to-include-in-a-design-history.md

---
layout: page
title: What to include in a design history
---

Most things you do can be shared.

You could include:

> * anything that's useful to return to later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* anything that’s useful to return to later
```

* new features, iterations of existing ones, findings from user research
* old and new designs, highlighting how they've changed and why
* significant changes

> * ideas you’re trying or that haven’t worked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ideas you’re trying or that haven’t worked
```

* things that would be useful for others

### What not to include

Do not include personal details of participants or staff.

You don’t need to document evert single decision. You will struggle with time to do this and people probably won’t be interested.

> Don’t include anything contentious that in could involve significant detrimental effects to a person or people’s jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don’t include anything that in could be detrimental to a person or the NHS.
```
